Added token-swap tutorial (#7)
alt-research/docs: docs/tutorials/token-swap/index.mdx

  allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture"
  allowfullscreen
></iframe>

## Trying Out

:::tip

All the code is stored at **https://github.com/alt-research/bridge-demo**, you can clone the source repository, modify the code, and experiment with it.

:::

1. Setup

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/alt-research/bridge-demo.git
   cd bridge-demo
   yarn install
   cp .env.example .env
   ```

2. Fill in the corresponding endpoint information and private keys inside [`.env`](https://github.com/alt-research/bridge-demo/blob/master/.env.example).

3. Inside [`scripts/demo-token-swap/setup.ts`](https://github.com/alt-research/bridge-demo/blob/master/scripts/demo-token-swap/setup.ts) please confirm the corresponding smart contract addresses inside the `config`. The default value currently specified in the file should work also (if the blockchain data has not been reset).

   ```typescript title="scripts/demo-token-swap/setup.ts"
   const config = {
     bsctestnet: {
       DEFI1: '0xd1041a9b6107b2b741a2c32ab213281be0e824a1',
       DEFI2: '0x0747bfa4ef33ee164e1df03e02752c35d17db204',
       OrderBook: null,
     },

>      alttest: {

Author: Updated in the commit

       DEFI1: '0x508353171a407529D09382F4f2F035D1Ff1Af448',
       DEFI2: '0x8c714d2f35eca0edfff97ccc7c3d4e00edea8f3b',
       OrderBook: '0x5F48872D2F81d555c287F1dc2379B6E5fe1346C8',
     },
   }
   ```

> 4. There are three scripts to run related to this demo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. There are three scripts to run in this demo.
```
```suggestion
4. There are three scripts to run related to this demo.
```

> 4. There are three scripts to run related to this demo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. There are three scripts to run in this demo.
```

>    - [`scripts/demo-token-swap/01-balances.ts`](https://github.com/alt-research/bridge-demo/blob/master/scripts/demo-token-swap/01-balances.ts): to check the DEFI1 and DEFI2 balance of Alith and Baltathar on BSC Testnet. The shorthand for running the script is as yarn demo:token-swap:balances:bsctestnet or yarn demo:token-swap:balances:alttest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - [`scripts/demo-token-swap/01-balances.ts`](https://github.com/alt-research/bridge-demo/blob/master/scripts/demo-token-swap/01-balances.ts): to check the DEFI1 and DEFI2 balance of Alith and Baltathar on BSC Testnet. The shorthand for running the script is as `yarn demo:token-swap:balances:bsctestnet` or `yarn demo:token-swap:balances:alttest`.
```

>    - [`scripts/demo-token-swap/01-balances.ts`](https://github.com/alt-research/bridge-demo/blob/master/scripts/demo-token-swap/01-balances.ts): to check the DEFI1 and DEFI2 balance of Alith and Baltathar on BSC Testnet. The shorthand for running the script is as yarn demo:token-swap:balances:bsctestnet or yarn demo:token-swap:balances:alttest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - [`scripts/demo-token-swap/01-balances.ts`](https://github.com/alt-research/bridge-demo/blob/master/scripts/demo-token-swap/01-balances.ts): to check the DEFI1 and DEFI2 balance of Alith and Baltathar on BSC Testnet. The shorthand for running the script is as `yarn demo:token-swap:balances:bsctestnet` or `yarn demo:token-swap:balances:alttest`.
```
```suggestion
   - [`scripts/demo-token-swap/01-balances.ts`](https://github.com/alt-research/bridge-demo/blob/master/scripts/demo-token-swap/01-balances.ts): to check the DEFI1 and DEFI2 balance of Alith and Baltathar on BSC Testnet. The shorthand for running the script is as yarn demo:token-swap:balances:bsctestnet or yarn demo:token-swap:balances:alttest.
```

>    - [`scripts/demo-token-swap/02-alith-places-order.ts`](https://github.com/alt-research/bridge-demo/blob/master/scripts/demo-token-swap/02-alith-places-order.ts): for Alith to place an order for exchanging 1 DEFI1 token for 1 DEFI2 token. The is shorthands as yarn demo:token-swap:places-order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - [`scripts/demo-token-swap/02-alith-places-order.ts`](https://github.com/alt-research/bridge-demo/blob/master/scripts/demo-token-swap/02-alith-places-order.ts): for Alith to place an order for exchanging 1 DEFI1 token for 1 DEFI2 token. The shorthand for running the script is `yarn demo:token-swap:places-order`.
```

>    - [`scripts/demo-token-swap/02-alith-places-order.ts`](https://github.com/alt-research/bridge-demo/blob/master/scripts/demo-token-swap/02-alith-places-order.ts): for Alith to place an order for exchanging 1 DEFI1 token for 1 DEFI2 token. The is shorthands as yarn demo:token-swap:places-order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - [`scripts/demo-token-swap/02-alith-places-order.ts`](https://github.com/alt-research/bridge-demo/blob/master/scripts/demo-token-swap/02-alith-places-order.ts): for Alith to place an order for exchanging 1 DEFI1 token for 1 DEFI2 token. The shorthand for running the script is`yarn demo:token-swap:places-order`.
```
```suggestion
   - [`scripts/demo-token-swap/02-alith-places-order.ts`](https://github.com/alt-research/bridge-demo/blob/master/scripts/demo-token-swap/02-alith-places-order.ts): for Alith to place an order for exchanging 1 DEFI1 token for 1 DEFI2 token. The is shorthands as yarn demo:token-swap:places-order.
```

>    - [`scripts/demo-token-swap/03-baltathar-takes-order.ts`](https://github.com/alt-research/bridge-demo/blob/master/scripts/demo-token-swap/03-baltathar-takes-order.ts): for Baltathar to take the order that Alith placed previously. The is shorthands as yarn demo:token-swap:takes-order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - [`scripts/demo-token-swap/03-baltathar-takes-order.ts`](https://github.com/alt-research/bridge-demo/blob/master/scripts/demo-token-swap/03-baltathar-takes-order.ts): for Baltathar to fulfill the order that Alith placed previously. The shorthand for running the script is `yarn demo:token-swap:takes-order`.
```

>    - [`scripts/demo-token-swap/03-baltathar-takes-order.ts`](https://github.com/alt-research/bridge-demo/blob/master/scripts/demo-token-swap/03-baltathar-takes-order.ts): for Baltathar to take the order that Alith placed previously. The is shorthands as yarn demo:token-swap:takes-order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - [`scripts/demo-token-swap/03-baltathar-takes-order.ts`](https://github.com/alt-research/bridge-demo/blob/master/scripts/demo-token-swap/03-baltathar-takes-order.ts): for Baltathar to fulfill the order that Alith placed previously. The shorthand for running the script is `yarn demo:token-swap:takes-order`.
```
```suggestion
   - [`scripts/demo-token-swap/03-baltathar-takes-order.ts`](https://github.com/alt-research/bridge-demo/blob/master/scripts/demo-token-swap/03-baltathar-takes-order.ts): for Baltathar to take the order that Alith placed previously. The is shorthands as yarn demo:token-swap:takes-order.
```

Meanwhile, we have also deployed some tools to ease your job.

- For bridging ERC20 tokens from one network to another, use our [**Bridge App**](https://alt-research.github.io/bridge-app).
- Use our [**Bridge Explorer**](https://alt-research.github.io/bridge-explorer-app) to check cross-chain asset transfers and their status.
- Use our [**Blockscout** blockchain explorer](http://blockscout.alt.technology/) to inspect the details of the blockchain and transactions.

## Smart Contracts

> This demo involve two generic ERC20 token contracts and an [**OrderBook** Contract](https://github.com/alt-research/bridge-demo/blob/master/contracts/OrderBook.sol). Users can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demo involve two ERC-20 token contracts and an [**OrderBook** Contract](https://github.com/alt-research/bridge-demo/blob/master/contracts/OrderBook.sol). Users can:
```

> This demo involve two generic ERC20 token contracts and an [**OrderBook** Contract](https://github.com/alt-research/bridge-demo/blob/master/contracts/OrderBook.sol). Users can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demo involve two ERC-20 token contracts and an [**OrderBook** Contract](https://github.com/alt-research/bridge-demo/blob/master/contracts/OrderBook.sol). Users can:
```
